Add "Maven" as required build dependency to "Contributing" (#2112)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/contributing.md

*This section was tested on macOS and Linux (Fedora 32, Ubuntu 20.04) - Your mileage may vary*

   
Our [Go release workflow](https://github.com/treeverse/lakeFS/blob/master/.github/workflows/goreleaser.yaml) holds the Go and Node.js versions we currently use under _go-version_ and _node-version_ compatibly.  The Java workflows use [Maven 3.8.1](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments/blob/main/images/linux/Ubuntu2004-README.md) (but any recent version of Maven should work).

1. Install the required dependencies for your OS:
    1. [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
    1. [GNU make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) (probably best to install from your OS package manager such as apt or brew)
    1. [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
    1. [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install)
    1. [Node.js & npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)

>     2. [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) to build and test Spark client codes.
>     3. *Optional* - [PostgreSQL 11](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/11/tutorial-install.html) (useful for running and debugging locally)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) to build and test Spark client codes.
    1. *Optional* - [PostgreSQL 11](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/11/tutorial-install.html) (useful for running and debugging locally)
```
